<Launch Mode Introduction>
    There are three launch modes: launch from external storage, launch from internal storage, and launch as Root.

    Currently, it is not possible to change the launch mode after configuring the software. Therefore, please read and choose carefully.
<The Difference Between The Three Launch Modes>
    First of all, it must be clear: the launch mode is added to provide users with personalized services.

    If you choose to launch from external storage, the project will be stored in the /sdcard {that is, /storage/emulated/0} directory. This directory is the memory card directory, user can access. But at the same time, this directory is public for reading and writing, which means that your project files may be freely read and written by third-party software, which may be risky. In addition, the cleaning software that comes with the system will scan this directory, and your project may be deleted. The files in this directory do not have executable permissions, which means that some plugins that depend on executable files may not be able to run in this directory. Use this launch mode if you want to keep your project after the software is removed.

    If you choose to launch from internal storage, the project will be stored in the /data/data directory. This directory is a private directory that users cannot directly access, only the software itself {or the same Shared UID} can access. But there is an advantage, that is, the software cleaning of the system itself will not scan this directory, so the project will not be deleted by the cleaning software. The disadvantage is that if you delete the software, the system will automatically delete the private directory of the software, which will cause the project to be deleted. If you want to delete your project after the software is deleted, or prevent the cleaning software from deleting the project by mistake, you can use this launch mode.

    If you choose to launch as Root, the project will be stored in the /data/adb directory. (Please note: Root authority is the highest authority of the mobile phone and can perform many dangerous operations. Please consider carefully before using this mode. Some third-party plugins may harm your mobile phone!) This directory is a private directory, which is generally stored Root manager {or module} file. This directory can only be accessed by the root user, and the system does not care about this directory. In addition, when the software is deleted, the files in this directory will be preserved. Also this directory makes it easy to run executables. If you want to keep your project after the software is deleted, or run the plugin easily to prevent the cleaning software from accidentally deleting the project, you can choose this launch mode.